{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;
\red35\green72\blue117;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;
\cssrgb\c17647\c36078\c53333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Economic Indicators\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa238\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Generally released on a scheduled monthly and quarterly basis, economic indicators can have as much an affect on the Forex market as a political or major news event. Traders routinely adjust their trading activity to coincide with the release of economic data. Why? An economic indicator can cause volatility in the market. Volatility, short-term market movement either up or down, is what many traders thrive upon. And, most traders would agree that to make money in the market, the market has to move.\cb1 \
\cb3 An important feature for most of these economic indicators is the release of two numbers: the expected and the actual. The expected number is usually a compilation of facts and figures by market analysts before the announcement of the actual number. Most economic indicators are calculated and reported by governmental agencies, who in turn report the actual number. If the actual number is better or worse than the expected number, the market generally moves accordingly depending upon the discrepancy between the expected and actual number.\cb1 \
\cb3 Each country generally releases its economic indicators at the same time every month. Yet, these times are different from country to country. In the U.S., most economic data is generally released at 8:30 AM and 10:00 AM Eastern Time.\cb1 \
\cb3 Below is a comprehensive list of economic indicators. Some of these indicators affect several currency pairs, such as the U.S. Employment Report. While others have an affect on the country of relevance.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa238\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 AUTO SALES
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 The number of cars sold during a particular ten-day period. The timeliness of this indicator (released three days after the 10-day period) makes this the most current piece of US economic data. The size of the item in question and the timeliness of the release allow auto sales to be a useful leading indicator of retail sales and personal consumption expenditures data.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 BALANCE OF PAYMENTS
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 Complete summary of a nation\'92s economic transactions and the rest of the world including merchandise, services, financial assets and tourism. The balance of payments is separated into two main accounts: the current account and the capital account.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 BALANCE OF TRADE
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 The difference between a nation\'92s exports and imports of merchandise. A positive balance of trade, or a surplus, occurs when a county\'92s exports exceed its imports. A negative balance of trade, or a deficit, occurs when imports surpass exports. Rising exports add to GDP while falling imports are subtracted from it. The US merchandise trade balance has been in a deficit since the mid-1970s. Rising deficits can be reflective of increased consumption, which can be a sign of a strengthening economy.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 BEIGE BOOK FED SURVEY
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 Officially known as the Survey on Current Economic Conditions, the Beige Book, is published eight times per year by a Federal Reserve Bank, containing anecdotal information on current economic and business conditions in its District through reports from Bank and Branch directors, and interviews with key business contacts, economists, market experts, and other sources. The Beige Book highlights the activity information by District and sector. The survey normally covers a period of about 4- weeks in duration, and is released two weeks prior to each FOMC meeting, which is also held eight times per year. While being deemed by some as a lagging report, the Beige Book has usually served as a helpful indicator to FOMC policy decisions on monetary policy.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 CONSTRUCTION SPENDING
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 A measure of the value of construction during the course of a particular month.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 CONSUMER CREDIT
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 A measure of the monthly growth in outstanding consumer installment credit which can act as a leading indicator for consumer spending.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 CONSUMER PRICE INDEX (CPI)
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 A measure of the average price level paid by consumers for a fixed based of goods and services. It reports price changes in over 200 categories. The CPI also includes various user fees and taxes directly associated with the prices of specific goods and services.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 CORPORATE GOODS PRICE INDEX (CGPI)
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0-A measure of the rate of inflation experienced by Japanese corporations based on the change for a fixed purchase base of goods and services.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 CURRENT ACCOUNT
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 The most important part of international trade data. It is the broadest measure of sales and purchases of goods, services, interest payments and unilateral transfers. The entire merchandise trade balance is contained in the current account.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 DURABLE GOODS
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 Measures new orders placed with domestic manufacturers for immediate and future delivery of factory hard goods. A durable good is defined as a good that lasts an extended period of time (over three years) during which its services are extended.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 FACTORY ORDERS & MANUFACTURING INVENTORIES
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 Contains data on orders and shipments of non-durable goods, manufacturing inventories, and the inventory/sales ratio. Order data are useful because they tell us something about the likely pace of production in the months ahead. They are extremely volatile and can fluctuate by three or four percentage points in any given month. They are subject to sizeable revisions and are very difficult to forecast.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT (GDP)
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0-The sum of all goods and services produced either by domestic or foreign companies. GDP indicates the pace at which a country\'92s economy is growing (or shrinking) and is considered the broadest indicator of economic output and growth.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 HOUSING STARTS
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 A measure of the number of residential units on which construction is begun each month. A start in construction is defined as the beginning of excavation of the foundation for the building and is comprised primarily of residential housing. Housing is very interest rate sensitive and is one of the first sectors to react to changes in interest rates. Significant reaction of start/permits to changing interest rates signals interest rates are nearing trough or peak. To analyze, focus on the percentage change in levels from the previous month. Report is released around the middle of the following month.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTION
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 It is a chain-weighted measure of the change in the production of the nation\'92s factories, mines and utilities as well as a measure of their industrial capacity and of how many available resources among factories, utilities and mines are being used (commonly known as capacity utilization). The manufacturing sector accounts for one-quarter of the economy. The capacity utilization rate provides an estimate of how much factory capacity is in use.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 ISM (INSTITUTE FOR SUPPLY MANAGEMENT)
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 See Purchasing Managers Index.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 NEW HOME SALES
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 Monthly new home sales data contains information on home prices and number of houses for sale, which indicate consumer spending patterns and economic activity. Volatility and revisions, however, are common in the report.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 NON-FARM PAYROLL (NFP) REPORT
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 Released every first Friday of the month by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the NFP represents approximately 80% of paid workers of any business, excluding government, private household, farm and non-profit employees, employees. It is used to determine the current state of the economy and predict future levels of economic activity. Of all the economic indicators, the NFP is one of the most anticipated reports.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 PRODUCER PRICE INDEX (PPI)
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 A measure of price changes in the manufacturing sector. It measures average changes in selling prices received by domestic producers in the manufacturing, mining, agriculture, and electric utility industries for their output.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa238\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 PURCHASING MANAGERS INDEX (PMI)
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 The National Association of Purchasing Managers (NAPM), now called the Institute for Supply Management, releases a monthly composite index of national manufacturing conditions from data collected on new orders, production, supplier deliveries, inventories, prices, export orders, and import orders. It is divided into manufacturing and non-manufacturing sub-indices.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 RETAIL SALES
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 A measure of the total receipts of retail stores from samples representing all sizes and kinds of business in retail trade throughout the nation. It indicates consumer spending patterns.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 TANKAN SURVEY
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 Released quarterly by the Bank of Japan, this is Japan\'92s chief business survey consisting of the previous, current and projected macro- and micro-economic variables and business conditions.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 TRADE BALANCE
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 A measure in the difference of total imports compared to total exports.\'a0 A positive number represents an increase of exports over imports for the prior month.\'a0 This report can have an impact on GDP and influence the preceived value of a currency.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 UNEMPLOYMENT RATE
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\'96 A measure of the percentage of total unemployed workers.\'a0 An increase in the unemployment rate can suggest a decline in the economy and possible decrease in industrial production and manufacturing output.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa238\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 DISCLAIMER:
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0Trading futures, options on futures and off-exchange Foreign Exchange market (FX, Forex) is very speculative in nature, involves considerable risk and is not suitable for all investors. Before participating in trading, you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience and risk appetite. Investors should only use risk capital when trading because there is always the risk of substantial loss. Most importantly, do not invest money you cannot afford to lose. Any mention of past performance is not indicative of future results. Account access, trade executions and system response may be adversely affected by market conditions, quote delays, system performance and other factors.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa238\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Past results as represented in testimonials are not necessarily indicative of future results or success. Testimonials may not be representative of all reasonably comparable students. Trading involves significant risk of loss and may not be suitable for all investors.\cb1 \
\cb3 RISK WARNING: Trading futures and foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your monetary objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your deposited funds and therefore you should not speculate with capital that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent advisor if you have any doubts. Past returns are not indicative of future results.\cb1 \
\cb3 Smart Invest and its affiliates assume no responsibility for errors, inaccuracies or omissions in these materials. They do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within these materials. \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Smart Invest\cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4  and its affiliates shall not be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, including without limitation losses, lost revenues, or lost profits that may result from these materials. This is not a solicitation to buy or sell currency or futures. \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Smart Invest\cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4  is compensated for its services through commissions and/or the spread between the bid/ask prices. All replies should be sent to support@\cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Smart Invest\cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 .com . Replies sent to support@\cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Smart Invest\cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 .com will be received by the \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Smart Invest \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 corporate email system and are subject to storage and review by someone other than the recipient.\cb1 \
\cb3 HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE MANY INHERENT LIMITATIONS, SOME OF WHICH ARE DESCRIBED BELOW. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT ANY ACCOUNT WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE PROFITS OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN. IN FACT, THERE ARE FREQUENTLY SHARP DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND THE ACTUAL RESULTS SUBSEQUENTLY ACHIEVED BY ANY PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM.\cb1 \
\cb3 ONE OF THE LIMITATIONS OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS IS THAT THEY ARE GENERALLY PREPARED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. IN ADDITION, HYPOTHETICAL TRADING DOES NOT INVOLVE FINANCIAL RISK, AND NO HYPOTHETICAL TRADING RECORD CAN COMPLETELY ACCOUNT FOR THE IMPACT OF FINANCIAL RISK IN ACTUAL TRADING. FOR EXAMPLE, THE ABILITY TO WITHSTAND LOSSES OR TO ADHERE TO A PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM IN SPITE OF TRADING LOSSES ARE MATERIAL POINTS WHICH CAN ALSO ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS. THERE ARE NUMEROUS OTHER FACTORS RELATED TO THE MARKETS IN GENERAL OR TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY SPECIFIC TRADING PROGRAM WHICH CANNOT BE FULLY ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE PREPARATION OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND ALL OF WHICH CAN ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS.\cb1 \
}