{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green72\blue117;
\red83\green83\blue83;\red35\green72\blue117;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c17647\c36078\c53333;
\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;\cssrgb\c17647\c36078\c53333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Influencing Factors on U.S. Dollar\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 FEDERAL RESERVE BANK (FED)
\f1\b0 \cf5 \strokec5 \'a0\'96 The U.S. Central Bank has full independence in setting monetary policy to achieve maximum non-inflationary growth. The Fed\'92s chief policy signals are: open market operations, the Discount Rate and the Fed Funds rate.\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 FEDERAL OPEN MARKET COMMITTEE (FOMC)
\f1\b0 \cf5 \strokec5 \'a0\'96 The FOMC is responsible for making decisions on monetary policy, including the crucial interest rate announcements it makes 8 times a year. The 12-member committee is made up of 7 members of the Board of Governors; the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; while the remaining four seats carry one-year term each, in a rotating selection of the presidents of the 11 other Reserve Banks.\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 INTEREST RATES
\f1\b0 \cf5 \strokec5 \'a0\'96 Fed Funds Rate: Clearly the most important interest rate. It is the rate that depositary institutions charge each other for overnight loans. The Fed announces changes in the Fed Funds rate when it wishes to send clear monetary policy signals. These announcements normally have large impact on all stock, bond and currency markets.\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 TREASURY
\f1\b0 \cf5 \strokec5 \'a0\'96 The US Treasury is responsible for issuing government debt and for making decisions on the fiscal budget. The Treasury has no say in monetary policy, but its statements on the dollar have an major influence on the currency.\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 ECONOMIC DATA
\f1\b0 \cf5 \strokec5 \'a0\'96 The most important economic data items released in the US are:\'a0 Employment (Non-Farm Payroll report), Unemployment rate, Consumer Confidence, CPI, GDP, ISM Mfg., Industrial Production, PPI, New & Existing Home Sales, Retail Sales.\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 U.S. STOCK MARKET
\f1\b0 \cf5 \strokec5 \'a0\'96 The three major stock indices are the Dow Jones Industrials Index (Dow), S&P 500, and NASDAQ. The Dow is the most influential index on the dollar. Since the mid- 1990\'92s, the index has shown a strong positive correlation with the greenback as foreign investors purchased US equities. Three major forces affect the Dow: 1) Corporate earnings, forecast and actual; 2) Interest rate expectations and; 3) Global considerations. Consequently, these factors channel their way through the dollar.\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 CROSS RATE EFFECT
\f1\b0 \cf5 \strokec5 \'a0\'96 The dollar\'92s value against one currency is sometimes impacted by another currency pair (exchange rate) that may not involve the dollar. To illustrate, a sharp rise in the yen against the euro (falling EUR/JPY) could cause a general decline in the euro, including a fall in EUR/USD.\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 ADDITIONAL FACTORS
\f1\b0 \cf5 \strokec5 \'a0\'96 Discount Rate, 10-year Treasury Note, 3-month Eurodollar Deposits, 10-year yields, Fed Funds Rate Futures Contract, 3-month Eurodollar Futures Contract.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa238\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\
\

\f0\b \cf6 DISCLAIMER:
\f1\b0 \cf5 \'a0Trading futures, options on futures and off-exchange Foreign Exchange market (FX, Forex) is very speculative in nature, involves considerable risk and is not suitable for all investors. Before participating in trading, you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience and risk appetite. Investors should only use risk capital when trading because there is always the risk of substantial loss. Most importantly, do not invest money you cannot afford to lose. Any mention of past performance is not indicative of future results. Account access, trade executions and system response may be adversely affected by market conditions, quote delays, system performance and other factors.\cb1 \
\cb3 Past results as represented in testimonials are not necessarily indicative of future results or success. Testimonials may not be representative of all reasonably comparable students. Trading involves significant risk of loss and may not be suitable for all investors.\cb1 \
\cb3 RISK WARNING: Trading futures and foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your monetary objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your deposited funds and therefore you should not speculate with capital that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent advisor if you have any doubts. Past returns are not indicative of future results.\cb1 \
\cb3 Smart Invest and its affiliates assume no responsibility for errors, inaccuracies or omissions in these materials. They do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within these materials. Smart Invest and its affiliates shall not be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, including without limitation losses, lost revenues, or lost profits that may result from these materials. This is not a solicitation to buy or sell currency or futures. Smart Invest is compensated for its services through commissions and/or the spread between the bid/ask prices. All replies should be sent to support@Smart Invest.com . Replies sent to support@Smart Invest.com will be received by the Smart Invest corporate email system and are subject to storage and review by someone other than the recipient.\cb1 \
\cb3 HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE MANY INHERENT LIMITATIONS, SOME OF WHICH ARE DESCRIBED BELOW. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT ANY ACCOUNT WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE PROFITS OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN. IN FACT, THERE ARE FREQUENTLY SHARP DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND THE ACTUAL RESULTS SUBSEQUENTLY ACHIEVED BY ANY PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM.\cb1 \
\cb3 ONE OF THE LIMITATIONS OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS IS THAT THEY ARE GENERALLY PREPARED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. IN ADDITION, HYPOTHETICAL TRADING DOES NOT INVOLVE FINANCIAL RISK, AND NO HYPOTHETICAL TRADING RECORD CAN COMPLETELY ACCOUNT FOR THE IMPACT OF FINANCIAL RISK IN ACTUAL TRADING. FOR EXAMPLE, THE ABILITY TO WITHSTAND LOSSES OR TO ADHERE TO A PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM IN SPITE OF TRADING LOSSES ARE MATERIAL POINTS WHICH CAN ALSO ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS. THERE ARE NUMEROUS OTHER FACTORS RELATED TO THE MARKETS IN GENERAL OR TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY SPECIFIC TRADING PROGRAM WHICH CANNOT BE FULLY ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE PREPARATION OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND ALL OF WHICH CAN ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS.}